v22.1.6 release notes (#14907)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/releases/v22.1/v22.1.6.md

## v22.1.6

Release Date: August 23, 2022

{% include releases/release-downloads-docker-image.md release=include.release %}

<h3 id="v22-1-6-security-updates">Security updates</h3>

> - [Client certificates](../v22.1/authentication.html#client-authentication) now have tenant scoping, which allows to authenticate a client on a specific tenant. A tenant scoped client certificate contains the client name in the CN and the tenant ID in the URIs section of the Subject Alternative Name (SAN) values. The format of the URI SAN is `crdb://tenant/<tenant_id>/user/<username>` [#84371][#84371].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Client certificates](../v22.1/authentication.html#client-authentication) now have tenant scoping, which allows an operator to authenticate a client to a specific tenant. A tenant-scoped client certificate contains the client name in the CN and the tenant ID in the URIs section of the Subject Alternative Name (SAN) values. The format of the URI SAN is `crdb://tenant/<tenant_id>/user/<username>` [#84371][#84371].
```

- Fixed an issue where the [`information_schema`](../v22.1/information-schema.html) and [`SHOW GRANTS`](../v22.1/show-grants.html) command did not report that object owners have permission to `GRANT` privileges on that object. [#84918][#84918]
- Fixed an issue where imports and rebalances were being slowed down due to the accumulation of empty directories from range snapshot applications. [#84223][#84223]
- The v22.1 upgrade migration `21.2-56: populate RangeAppliedState.RaftAppliedIndexTerm for all ranges` is now more resilient to failures. This migration must be applied across all ranges and replicas in the system, and can fail with `operation "wait for Migrate application" timed out` if any replicas are temporarily unavailable, which is increasingly likely to happen in large clusters with many ranges. Previously, this would restart the migration from the start. [#84909][#84909]
- Fixed a bug where using `CREATE SCHEDULE` in a mixed version cluster could prevent the scheduled job from actually running because of incorrectly writing a lock file. [#84372][#84372]

> - Previously, backup [restores](../v22.1/backup-and-restore-overview.html) on mixed-version clusters that had not yet finalized the upgrade to v22.1 could fail with `cannot use bulkio.restore_at_current_time.enabled until version MVCCAddSSTable`. Restores now fall back to the v21.2 behavior instead of erroring in this scenario. [#84641][#84641]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Previously, [restoring from backups](../v22.1/backup-and-restore-overview.html) on mixed-version clusters that had not yet upgraded to v22.1 could fail with `cannot use bulkio.restore_at_current_time.enabled until version MVCCAddSSTable`. Restores now fall back to the v21.2 behavior instead of erroring in this scenario. [#84641][#84641]
```
